Previously on "Cloak & Dagger"...
Given that you murdered
my firstborn in cold blood,
we'll see if your value to Tyrone
outweighs the need for
me to end your life.
Leaving someone who
hurts you isn't hard, Mom.
You just leave.
In the dociles, there's
almost no activity
in the anger and rage center
of the cerebral cortex.
But in the aggressives, it's
as if there's nothing but...
- Mayhem.
- That's what you do, right?
You get inside people's
minds, and you cause them pain?
If you can't be merciful
when you play God,
what kind of God will you be
when you ain't playing no more?
Why don't we find out?
You and Tandy live in different worlds.
Tandy!
Ty?
Ty!
Hey, look at me.
Look at me, Ty.
- Synced and corrected by Firefly -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Feel like my back's
against the wall, man.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Well, well...
Who might you be?
Ty?
Hey!
Hey, Ty, look at me.
Tyrone! Come on, Tyrone!
Ty!
♪ Marvel's Cloak & Dagger 2x08 ♪
Two Player
Started evaluating
the hookers right now,
but they're too freaked out to talk.
Uh, "victims".
- They're victims.
- Yeah, of course they are.
The owner of this motel,
have we picked him up yet?
Yeah, in here an hour ago.
Lawyers have already bailed him out.
At least someone
took care of this place.
Crime scene? Damage?
He's out of business now, right?
Kid, it'll be open again in a month.
They don't call it the world's
oldest profession for nothing.
Hi there.
You know where I could
find some, uh, coffee
around here?
You thirsty, baby?
Are you sure you're okay to drive?
Hi there.
Tandy, slow down.
Auntie, you up yet?
But... but I'm not a doctor. I don't...
What happened?
For how long?
Okay.
Okay, I'll be there soon.
Hey! Hey, Ty!
You're gonna be okay.
You're gonna wake up,
and you're gonna walk out of here.
Evita, over here!
- Brigid.
- I just came from a torn-up motel
that trafficked kidnapped girls.
Are the girls okay?
They're holding up.
How about you?
I'll live.
But Ty, on the other hand.
Hello, Father.
I need a moment of your time.
Mrs. Johnson.
Do you know what this place is?
I do.
Then you know I'm not strong enough.
Not strong enough for what?
To let in the person I let down.
I don't care about your feelings.
You still have a job to do.
Being a priest isn't a job.
It's a life.
And a life I failed at.
I couldn't protect him.
None of us could.
But I found a way we can save him.
Will you hear me out?
For someone who's not a doctor,
you're rockin' like one.
Yeah, maybe someday.
Your aunt's still not picking up.
But that's okay, right? You got this?
I mean, I've watched
Auntie do tons of things,
but this, it's...
it's like Tyrone's...
transitioning.
Like his fight or flight
response is broken.
This is what happens
when Ty gets scared.
He opens a door.
And if he's not responding,
maybe he's stuck.
Stuck? Where?
Wherever it is he taps into.
Where your, uh, other
mouse got sucked into.
- What, she's inside Ty?
- Yeah.
I followed her in there and
landed at some crossroads
where this Papa Mystery guy...
- Papa Legba?
- Yes, him.
And when I went inside
Ty, all of this...
it looked like this.
I don't know, maybe this
is Ty's way of telling us
we have to go in there and get him.
Okay.
Papa Legba is a Loa.
Guardian of the Crossroads.
A Voudon God.
And Auntie's husband.
- Say what now?
- Auntie's a Mambo.
Part of that means marrying a Loa.
- Like a nun marries God?
- Kind of. But not really.
This is his veve.
And, um...
Auntie always has me
carry candy for Legba.
Says he has a sweet tooth.
But if you want something from him,
he's gonna need an offering in return.
Good to know.
Okay.
Papa Legba, we ask you
to present yourself.
Please accept this offering.
In exchange, we ask
you to show us the way.
Your children are here waiting.
A good man is suffering.
I give thanks to you and our ancestors.
We ask you to open the gates.
We implore you to show us the way in.
You're jumping into that?
He would do it for me.
Okay.
Let's go.
Brigid, you don't know
what it's like in there.
Let's go.
You're back for more.
So you come in all
shapes and sizes, huh?
Fuchs?
Hmm, I've seen part of you here before.
You refused to pay
the fee that I demand.
This fee?
Guess I got overcharged last time.
Okay.
This is where we find Ty.
Wait a second. Where's the mall?
- Did you say mall?
- Yeah, it's all crazy here.
Tandy?
Tandy Bowen has her path.
You came to walk a
different one, didn't you?
Ty?
Everything here is a trade.
To get what you want, know
what you're willing to give up.
You here to win a prize, little lady?
Right, um...
I got some gum.
Oh, Spearmint!
It's not really you, is it?
No.
But it's nice to see you.
Papa Sweet-Tooth sent me this way.
I'm here for my friend, Mister...
Baron Samedi.
I reside over the dead.
No, uh, Ty, he isn't dead.
Close enough. He made his payment.
Payment?
Well, what did he give you?
His worries.
Then I'll pay his debt.
I can make it rain with worries.
That's what they sell you
day in and day out, isn't it?
That one thing is
equal worth to another.
That burger is a dollar.
Love costs your body.
And that house? Just your soul.
Piece by piece by piece.
But every action has its own reaction,
as much as we'd like to avoid it.
Isn't that right, Miss Bowen?
What if I play you for him?
Tell you what:
you play his game.
And if you can convince him to leave,
I'll let you both go.
But don't forget...
you in Samedi's house.
And the house always wins.
This could save Tyrone,
this could get justice for Billy,
and this could bring down every
corrupt officer in New Orleans
if it gets into the hands of the FBI.
But I can't give it to them.
Because they'd ask how you acquired it.
And I'd have to, by law, answer them.
But a priest has protection
against revealing his source.
Think of the good it
will do for the community.
Everyone knowing that they can breathe.
I wish I could help you. I do.
- Are you saying no?
- I'm saying when I left St. Sebastian's,
I left my collar behind.
I'm not a priest anymore.
I could go
and take my nursing aide test.
Find some way to take care of you.
I mean, unless you don't want me to.
Come on.
Let me drive.
Give me that!
You okay?
Lia...
I need more.
No!
No, I can't go through that again.
I just need enough to
get us someplace safe.
It will be the last time.
I promise.
- What the hell?
- Shhh!
Papa Legba,
I call upon you to bring this young man,
so near to crossing over, back.
Give me the sight to see what's ahead.
No. That can't be.
Auntie...
Ty?
I've come to take you home.
- Hey, Ty!
- Sure.
Sure, I just...
I need to, uh...
I need to finish this.
Come on. Listen, a lot of
people are worried about...
Dammit!
Come on.
If I'm gonna beat this,
I'm gonna need your help.
Okay.
Ready or not.
- Is that me?
- It's just setting up the story.
Watch.
_
- Radioactive heroin?
- _
Hey, stop ruining it.
- Now let's go.
- Go!
Which button do I... ah!
Ty...
Baron Whatzit, he...
he says that if you
come home with me then...
Get this one right here!
We gotta beat all these guys
to get to the next level.
_
Okay!
Okay, it's over. We did it.
- Listen, Ty...
- Not yet.
We got more to do.
That was just a warm up.
Ty, come on. This is ridiculous!
I mean, all of them
are dressed the same!
Okay, and the two guys I just
took out just disappeared.
Ty, come on! You have to come home!
None of this even makes any sense!
That's the point! It doesn't have to!
There's no gangland ecosystems.
No street wars. No more gray area.
No consequences.
We fight and we win.
Fine.
Tandy!
_
- What is this place?
- Not the Garden City Mall, that's for damn sure.
I spent so many weekends there.
Dad handed me cash,
said, "I'll meet you in the
food court in a couple of hours".
Yeah, and I blew it all on a manicure,
because Mom always said you
can tell a lady by her hands.
I'm not here to stroll
down memory lane with you.
No, you're here to kill me
or subdue me or something me,
but we got bigger fish to fry. Look.
There's a lot of girls in here.
I thought you were a detective.
Those aren't just girls.
Those are the missing
girls from the fliers.
That man in the suit, whoever he is...
I think he's the one that's taking them.
He comes in here, plays
these records, and...
And makes them feel pain.
That music he was playing before...
it sounded like pure dread.
Maybe you are a detective.
He uses them up. I don't know why.
And he can get to anyone.
Unless we can find something
strong enough to stop him.
Auntie, thank goodness you came!
You got all my messages.
Now, child. Don't be foolish.
I know you got my message in the shells.
I thought I read them wrong.
Don't cry.
It's my time to dance
with the ancestors.
You'll see.
But now it's your turn
to take my place as Mambo.
Auntie, no.
I'm going to college,
and then I'm going to medical school.
Child, that was just you being selfish.
Well, I'm allowed to be!
Okay? All my life, they laughed at me
for stinking up my purse with roots,
giving those tours.
- Now I'm supposed to...
- You were born with the sight.
They chose you to be a voice,
to guide people.
- Nothing else matters.
- Don't I have a choice?
You have all the choices, child.
You always have.
But only one will save your man.
But if I do, then I have to...
Marry a Loa.
One with dominion over
the dead and dying.
You choose whatever you choose.
Just do it with that head held high.
Like you always do.
Auntie, I...
Sometimes I feel
like my collar, my calling,
was nothing more than
a prison ball and chain.
I killed a girl, Mrs. Johnson.
And to atone, I was supposed
to look out for your boy.
You know what my last words were to Ty?
"Just go. Now".
And you think that
there's a price to pay,
because there are
consequences to our actions.
Yes.
They destroyed my boys
just for living their lives.
Men who were supposed
to "serve and protect".
And for every corrupt cop,
there's a politician just as heinous.
- There are no consequences...
- There has to be.
If we don't have faith
that this world...
that we can get better, we won't.
We won't.
You really believe that?
Yeah.
Good.
That's the man my son needs now.
I can't just take the files.
In the eyes of the
church, your information
is only considered privileged
if you make confession.
Mrs. Johnson, do you have
something you want to confess?
Level Two is about making
it across to the next door.
That's easy enough for you.
You can just poof up there.
Yeah, but what fun would that be?
Come on, Tandy.
After everything, haven't we earned it?
Look out!
- What?
- You're really good at this.
Damn right!
You know, I was never much of a gamer,
but I'm starting to
think I missed my calling.
Wait, this...
- We're back at the...
- Motel.
_
Ty, let's go back.
No, we can't.
They just keep coming.
Ty...
I don't want to do
this. I can't do this!
Last time you were alone, but
this time I'm not leaving you.
Okay? We're gonna fight
and we're gonna win!
Just cut through it. We're almost there.
Ty...
Ty, this is a waste of time!
You have to stop playing!
No, Tandy, the screen said we
had to break down the walls.
All right?
We fight through this.
This is how we win.
Who knows? Maybe...
Maybe this is just all in my head.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
How many more rooms do
we have to go through?
Just one. It's the boss level.
All right, Tandy. Let's kill him.
Tandy?
Jesus.
You chewed these things to shreds.
Anxious about something?
What color is that?
Poison.
Literally, that's the name.
What can I say, I have a brand.
We used to choose the craziest colors.
Glitter Bomb Gold and Unicorn Puke.
Yeah, and then Dad would see
them and say something like,
"Oh, my little girl is a smurf today".
Or some other lame dad thing like that.
Dad was good at being a lame dad.
Ow! What?
You don't see the way the world is.
Dad only took us to the
mall so he could flirt
with that bookstore manager.
Yeah?
And you can't see that
Dad took us to the mall
because everything about the
house reminded him of Mom.
Hey. Easy.
The man was two parents to four kids.
He deserved some happiness,
even if it was with a bookstore manager.
Your perspective is warped.
You only see the bad and come at it.
The problem is, right now,
I think the world might need
someone like you more than
it needs someone like me.
You know what I saw today?
A motel where those girls
from the fliers ended up.
And the one who did it?
The man in your record store?
I'm not gonna be able
to catch him without you.
I'm not gonna be put in a
box just to be brought out
whenever we have road rage
or another dead boyfriend.
I don't wanna put you in a box.
I just need you to listen sometimes.
So what are you saying?
I'm saying...
you get to drive.
Hey.
Just so you know, your game sucks.
Don't hate the game, hate
the player who chose it.
In this world and the ones unseen,
always in faith of Voudon...
Why'd you stop?
Now to win we have to go all
the way back to the beginning.
- Who cares?
- I do!
Look, I'm tired of losing, Tandy!
I'm tired of working our
asses off just to tie.
For the rest of my days...
I am yours.
- Did it work?
- But it's not real!
Ty, come on! You have to come back!
Where we can lose?
Where the only payoff is pain?
Why?
You know what's real?
You're dying, Ty.
What about your mom?
What about Evita? What about me?
Why did you come to that
motel and try and save me?
Because I couldn't imagine
my life without you.
I did.
Andre...
he made me see you dying in front of me.
And the one person in the whole world
who understood me was
gone and it was my fault.
He messed with my head, too.
Made me feel like you
never cared about me.
Like it was all just an act.
You know, maybe you're right.
Maybe it is better to ignore everything.
All I know is I'd rather fight
a hundred times with you
than one time without you.
To have and to hold...
So if you're staying here...
In sickness and in health...
so am I.
Well, what will it be, boy?
Face the harsh world or keep
it cozy with your friend?
I...
- Oops. Too late.
- You can't!
A boy dawdles, and the
decision is made in his stead.
Look.
- Wait, what is that?
- A wedding bouquet.
And you, my boy, are the bride price.
A life for a life. The
bouquet for the cloak.
But I...
I don't understand.
Time for you two to scat and
take your friends with you.
The missus like a clean house.
Ty! Ty!
Tandy?
It worked!
Ty, are you okay?
- Yeah, I think so.
- Well, thank Christ for that.
Brigid! You made it out!
Well, I couldn't help it.
Just rode the tsunami.
I saw him. In the record store.
I don't know his name, but you do.
Andre Deschaine.
He's probably already on the run by now.
Good, I like them running.
I like them scared.
Hey...
Brigid did make it out, right?
Sure. She's in here, too.
Bless me, Father, for I have sinned.
It's been...
seven years since my last confession.
But today I have something to confess.
The man who murdered my son
and framed my other son for murder...
I held him captive.
The overhead light's out,
so use the switch by the sink.
Thank you.
He gave me the information I needed
to clear Tyrone's name.
He gave me the location
of my other son's body.
All he wanted was forgiveness.
Mrs. Johnson...
What did you do?
This is why you needed a priest?
To confess to murder?
You came to me talking about
faith and forgiveness...
Tyrone needs your faith.
Tyrone needs someone
to make his case to God.
Me? I just need a priest.
Oh boy.
Of course.
Evita...
Mom?
We're gonna get him,
you know that?
- Synced and corrected by Firefly -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org